README.md, before:



<!--
**m-ue-d/m-ue-d** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# :ghost:WHO THIS?

Hi visitor. My name is MÜD. I like working on fun projects with my friends <a href="https://github.com/FabianHummel">Fabian Hummel</a> and <a href="https://github.com/KonradSimlinger">Konrad Simlinger</a> and <a href="https://github.com/atomeniuc">Alejandro Tomeniuc</a>. They're great, so check them out too! =)

I am a IT-fanatic that enjoys discovering new stuff. Working with friends is also very important to me.
(You can also find me on Soundcloud: <a href="https://soundcloud.com/m-ue-d">m-ue-d</a>)

## 🔭WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I am currently continuing working on a program called Squavy, which is a free Web DAW. \
Check it out at <a href="https://github.com/Squavy-DAW">Squavy-DAW</a> 🦑.

Furthermore, I am developing a tiny video game that takes some inspiration from classical poker and yu gi oh! \
Check it out at <a href="https://github.com/m-ue-d/Pracken">Pracken</a> 🃏.

## 🤔WHAT ARE YOUR FUTURE PLANS?
Write better documentation on my projects. Finish some old projects. Write documentation on them. Other than that, i'll keep them secret 🤫!

Commit message:

Revise Squavy-DAW link description in README
Updated the link description for Squavy-DAW to indicate it will be public soon.

README.md, after:



<!--
**m-ue-d/m-ue-d** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# :ghost:WHO THIS?

Hi visitor. My name is MÜD. I like working on fun projects with my friends <a href="https://github.com/FabianHummel">Fabian Hummel</a> and <a href="https://github.com/KonradSimlinger">Konrad Simlinger</a> and <a href="https://github.com/atomeniuc">Alejandro Tomeniuc</a>. They're great, so check them out too! =)

I am a IT-fanatic that enjoys discovering new stuff. Working with friends is also very important to me.
(You can also find me on Soundcloud: <a href="https://soundcloud.com/m-ue-d">m-ue-d</a>)

## 🔭WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I am currently continuing working on a program called Squavy, which is a free Web DAW. \
You can check it out at <a href="https://github.com/Squavy-DAW">Squavy-DAW</a> 🦑 once it goes public.

Furthermore, I am developing a tiny video game that takes some inspiration from classical poker and yu gi oh! \
Check it out at <a href="https://github.com/m-ue-d/Pracken">Pracken</a> 🃏.

## 🤔WHAT ARE YOUR FUTURE PLANS?
Write better documentation on my projects. Finish some old projects. Write documentation on them. Other than that, i'll keep them secret 🤫!
